c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Clasederoles.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Clasederoles.pdb
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Clasederoles.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\obj\Debug\Clasederoles.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\obj\Debug\Clasederoles.Resources.resources
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\obj\Debug\Clasederoles.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\obj\Debug\Clasederoles.dll
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\obj\Debug\Clasederoles.xml
c:\users\joseángel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Lab2\Clasederoles\Clasederoles\obj\Debug\Clasederoles.pdb
